README.md, before:

# docker-shellinabox
shellinabox for docker based on alpine linux https://hub.docker.com/r/dmrub/shellinabox/

## Configuration
### Available Environment Variables

 - **SIAB_USERCSS**: String of configured and enabled css extensions. Defaults to system default list.
 - **SIAB_PORT** The port where shellinabox should listen to. Defaults to 4200.
 - **SIAB_ADDUSER** Whether to create a default user. Defaults to true.
 - **SIAB_USER** The name of the user. Defaults to guest.
 - **SIAB_USERID** The numeric ID of the user. Defaults to 1000.
 - **SIAB_GROUP** The primary group of the user. Defaults to guest.
 - **SIAB_GROUPID** The numeric ID of the primary group of the user. Defaults to 1000.
 - **SIAB_PASSWORD** The password of the user. Defaults to an autogenerated password, printed out on stdout.
 - **SIAB_SHELL** The shell of the user. Defaults to /bin/bash.
 - **SIAB_HOME** The home directory of the user. Defaults to /home/guest.
 - **SIAB_SUDO** Whether to allow user to sudo. Defaults to false.
 - **SIAB_DEBUG** Run shellinabox in debug mode. Defaults to false.
 - **SIAB_SSL** Whether to enable ssl and create certificates on request. Defaults to true.
 - **SIAB_SERVICE** Service strings to use for shellinabox, separated by whitespace. Defaults to local logins */:LOGIN*.
 - **SIAB_PKGS** Packages to be installed before shellinabox starts. Defaults to none.
 - **SIAB_SCRIPT** Script to download and run before shellinabox start. SSL verification is disabled. Defaults to none.

## References

 * https://github.com/shellinabox/shellinabox
 * https://github.com/fhuegli/docker-shellinabox
 * https://github.com/gerco/shellinabox-alpine
 * https://github.com/spali/docker-shellinabox

Commit message:

Added SIAB_RUN environment variable, SIAB_SCRIPT now also accepts file path.

README.md, after:

# docker-shellinabox
shellinabox for docker based on alpine linux https://hub.docker.com/r/dmrub/shellinabox/

## Configuration
### Available Environment Variables

 - **SIAB_USERCSS**: String of configured and enabled css extensions. Defaults to system default list.
 - **SIAB_PORT** The port where shellinabox should listen to. Defaults to 4200.
 - **SIAB_ADDUSER** Whether to create a default user. Defaults to true.
 - **SIAB_USER** The name of the user. Defaults to guest.
 - **SIAB_USERID** The numeric ID of the user. Defaults to 1000.
 - **SIAB_GROUP** The primary group of the user. Defaults to guest.
 - **SIAB_GROUPID** The numeric ID of the primary group of the user. Defaults to 1000.
 - **SIAB_PASSWORD** The password of the user. Defaults to an autogenerated password, printed out on stdout.
 - **SIAB_SHELL** The shell of the user. Defaults to /bin/bash.
 - **SIAB_HOME** The home directory of the user. Defaults to /home/guest.
 - **SIAB_SUDO** Whether to allow user to sudo. Defaults to false.
 - **SIAB_DEBUG** Run shellinabox in debug mode. Defaults to false.
 - **SIAB_SSL** Whether to enable ssl and create certificates on request. Defaults to true.
 - **SIAB_SERVICE** Service strings to use for shellinabox, separated by whitespace. Defaults to local logins */:LOGIN*.
 - **SIAB_PKGS** Packages to be installed before shellinabox starts. Defaults to none.
 - **SIAB_SCRIPT** File name or URI to download and run before shellinabox start. SSL verification is disabled. Defaults to none.
 - **SIAB_RUN** Commands to run with '/bin/sh -c'. Defaults to empty string.

## References

 * https://github.com/shellinabox/shellinabox
 * https://github.com/fhuegli/docker-shellinabox
 * https://github.com/gerco/shellinabox-alpine
 * https://github.com/spali/docker-shellinabox
